Updates and Revisions to the Cloud Docker Documentation (#6363)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-syncing-data.md

A file synchronization tool is required if you are using [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) for Windows or Mac. This is because the filesystem for the docker containers is inside a Virtual Machine that the Docker Desktop is creating. The application files need to be local to the containers.

## Native
The Magento Cloud Docker by default uses the /app/ directory inside the containers. If you are using linux native you can map the current working directory to /app/ and not need any data syncing at all.

```yaml
  fpm:
    volumes:
      - '.:/app'
  build:
    volumes:
      - '.:/app'
  deploy:
    volumes:
      - '.:/app'
  web:
    volumes:
      - '.:/app'
  cron:
    volumes:
      - '.:/app'
```

Doing this effectively removes the requirement of using the magento-sync volume. This brings the application up very quickly, and removes the requirement for Mutagen.

This can be configured during the docker:build command as follows:
```bash
./vendor/bin/ece-tools docker:build --mode="developer" --sync-engine="native"
```

## Mutagen

> Mutagen is used to sync the application data into the containers. It needs to be configured at build time and it also requires the mutagen service to be running in your host os.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Mutagen or docker-sync applications to sync the {{site.data.var.ee}} application data into the Docker containers. You must configure the file synchronization applications during the Docker build process, and the service must be running on the host operating system.
```
